Add one-time sync Company Data & Company Search docs (#7)
PassFort/integration-docs: source/includes/_01-config.html.md

The `supported_countries` field defines which countries your integration is
able to support. The exact interpretation of this field varies depending on
the check type, but it typically reflects country of residence for individuals
and the country of incorporation for companies. This field is an array of
strings, which should be the [ISO3 country code][wiki-iso3] for the country. At
least one country must be specified.

## Supported features

The optional `supported_features` field allows your integration to declare 
support for additional features. The absence of this field from your 
integration's config implies that no additional features are supported. 

> The list of possible features varies depending on the check type and often 

Author: ```suggestion
The list of possible features varies depending on the check type but are often used to
```
